so what now comes from the mep uplink
so collects 2 collects in
black Ops 2
Okay, we'll take that over here
storm rifle so then I'm curious
Well here I am all right
I'll show you a little bit of that
mep looks like it just looks like
stop without snow my goodness is similar
the partly about bad man real
Bad and there I still had to
go
who with his mp 7 could i
finally some again
I have not used them for a long time
So that does not look very nice
well come show me okay there I walk
continue
oh what a bit here sees the
actually pretty good so it's visually
actually very successful with the light
and I like that like that
even otherwise partially does not even look
not so good off so this middle area
which bothers me a bit
this map is just following and indeed
from the colors like it stops
how to be characters and stuff like that
that's just how it is so that you are the opponents
can often recognize very poorly
we do wait a degree shocks pig
thrown
Come on, I can get you off
not in here what is that lay that
really can not be
that can not be him
suddenly there is 1 1 over
can jump and you can not
catch
already crass somewhere like said the
scores I do not care that itchy me
Now a shit because as I said
You probably only have it right now
these good players online and I moved
the game is not so regular now
just goes even about that they have a
a little something here again from the mep
look good to the app you need otherwise
do not say much that everybody knows
just looks a bit different like that
we can do this here
I give birth
how fast that will happen again
my head out on me like me
is it 85?
well, no castor he comes again
one
was partly actually looks now
visually, that is not really the case
bad I do not have to say it that way
evil
where is the type
where is the guy who stays then too
lie
both the scratching times werewolf
above one more
or he comes now here come
now here are emails okay we will
move us a bit again
they 're all sure to mold up there
then only the ones coming here are watching
no here they are but who thinks one
kill made us fucked up we were there
a car is sitting there, come here
yep you can still make a mushroom we
have the control without yes ever
not wrong and now we try
flank them here again and there
came the next shame shame shame
but at least we lead them to
software actually win the budget
can not not bad about not over
you bad
they're on this one again
building caught in it
We'll walk here again ok
so the lmg pity just fine
gone there are now a few more
I have to watch that we do not, the
now behind me
no is not the case he probably from the house
path
but let us lead that we win
yes it out now that are well here
in this gang and now cool thing
but I just caught a pity
okay that was a round here
collects what have we score 16
70 is not so bad
that's not so bad
I was one of the best
from the kg even the best but good because
it does not play good gameplay or ok
pure and